README.md, before:

# my-side-projects

## 🎈 Graphic design

- **[My dribbble](https://dribbble.com/mediv0)**
- **[Uplabs](https://www.uplabs.com/mediv0)**

## 🖥️ Programming

- ### Open source Packages
    - **[Xmodal](https://github.com/mediv0/xmodal)** *A simplistic, ⚡ lightweight modal component for vue2*
    - **[V-Bucket](https://github.com/mediv0/v-bucket)** *Fast, Simple, and Lightweight State Manager for Vue 3.0*
    - **[Vue-input-validator](https://github.com/mediv0/vue-input-validator)** *Highly extensible & customizable input validator for Vue 2*
    - **[Vue-persian-tools](https://github.com/persian-tools/vue-persian-tools)** *Persian tools wrapper for vue.js*
    - **[Zal](https://github.com/mediv0/zal)** *Small & minimal RTL & component first CSS library*
    - **[Uribbble](https://github.com/mediv0/Uribbble)** *Drop comments just with a click on Dribbble*

- ### Blog Posts
    - [Create Custom data reactivity system](https://mediv.vercel.app/blog/data-reactivity-in-javascript)
    - [2d raycasting in javascript](https://mediv.vercel.app/blog/raycasting-in-javascript)

- ### Side projects
    - **[Xeniac team website](https://xeniac.ir/)**
    - **[Personal Portfolio](https://mahdi.wtf/)**
    - **[Chill Club](https://github.com/mediv0/chill-club)** -- *[Live demo](https://chill-club.vercel.app/)* -- *listen to music and chill*
    - **[Xtrader](https://mediv0.github.io/xtrader/)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/xtrader/)(landing ui)* -- *Fastest way100% FREE to trade steam items*
    - **[Simple chatroom](https://github.com/mediv0/simple-chatroom)** *Socket io chatroom*
    - **[Link shorter](https://github.com/mediv0/link-shorter)** *Link shorter website using mongo-express-nuxt*
    - **[ForumX](https://github.com/mediv0/forumX)** *Simple stackoverflow clone nuxt-mongo-express-googleAuth*
    - **[Foxhole artillery](https://github.com/XeniacDev/FoxholeArtillery-Windows)** *A simplistic artillery calculator for game foxhole*
    - **[Telegram channel scraper]()** ----- **private** ----- *get group/channel messages in telegram*
    - **[youtube-to-aparat-middleware](https://github.com/mediv0/youtube-to-aparat-middleware)** *forward youtube streams to Aparat's RTMP server (or any RTMP server)*
    - **[youtube-thumbnail-downloader](https://github.com/mediv0/telegram-thumbnail-bot/tree/master)** *a telegram bot for downloading youtube video thumbnail*
    - **[youtube-video-downloader](https://github.com/mediv0/youtube-downloader-telegram-bot/tree/master)** *a telegram bot for downloading youtube video*
  
 
- ### Boilerplates - Research
    - **[tehst - jest clone](https://github.com/mediv0/jest-clone)** *very simple testing framework inspired by jest*
    - **[Manticore](https://github.com/mediv0/Manticore)** -- *[Live demo](https://codesandbox.io/s/gallant-platform-5g873?file=/index.html)* -- *simple animation library Gsap.from clone*
    - **[Vod and live streaming service](https://github.com/mediv0/vod-live-stream-ffmpeg-example)** *Live/Vod streaming service using node js and hls*
    - **[Nuxt Darkmod example](https://github.com/mediv0/nuxt-color-module-example)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/nuxt-color-module-example/)* -- *nuxt color module with css variables*
    - **[Computer science algorithms](https://github.com/mediv0/computer-science-algorithms-list)** *Kruskal, merge sort, radix, prim, lcs, and more...*
    - **[Binary search visualization](https://github.com/mediv0/binary-search-visualization)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/binary-search-visualization/)* -- *Binary search visualization*

- ### Contribution
    - **[Persian tools](https://github.com/persian-tools/persian-tools)**
    - **[Nuxt.org](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxtjs.org)** *translate to fa*
    - **[Vue my toasts](https://github.com/vuegems/vue-my-toasts)**

Commit message:

docs: add telegram rate limiter

README.md, after:

# my-side-projects

## 🎈 Graphic design

- **[My dribbble](https://dribbble.com/mediv0)**
- **[Uplabs](https://www.uplabs.com/mediv0)**

## 🖥️ Programming

- ### Open source Packages
    - **[Xmodal](https://github.com/mediv0/xmodal)** *A simplistic, ⚡ lightweight modal component for vue2*
    - **[V-Bucket](https://github.com/mediv0/v-bucket)** *Fast, Simple, and Lightweight State Manager for Vue 3.0*
    - **[Vue-input-validator](https://github.com/mediv0/vue-input-validator)** *Highly extensible & customizable input validator for Vue 2*
    - **[Vue-persian-tools](https://github.com/persian-tools/vue-persian-tools)** *Persian tools wrapper for vue.js*
    - **[Zal](https://github.com/mediv0/zal)** *Small & minimal RTL & component first CSS library*
    - **[Uribbble](https://github.com/mediv0/Uribbble)** *Drop comments just with a click on Dribbble*
    - **[telegram-rate-limiter](https://github.com/mediv0/telegram-rate-limiter)** *dead simple rate limiter for telegram bots with typescript support.*

- ### Blog Posts
    - [Create Custom data reactivity system](https://mediv.vercel.app/blog/data-reactivity-in-javascript)
    - [2d raycasting in javascript](https://mediv.vercel.app/blog/raycasting-in-javascript)

- ### Side projects
    - **[Xeniac team website](https://xeniac.ir/)**
    - **[Personal Portfolio](https://mahdi.wtf/)**
    - **[Chill Club](https://github.com/mediv0/chill-club)** -- *[Live demo](https://chill-club.vercel.app/)* -- *listen to music and chill*
    - **[Xtrader](https://mediv0.github.io/xtrader/)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/xtrader/)(landing ui)* -- *Fastest way100% FREE to trade steam items*
    - **[Simple chatroom](https://github.com/mediv0/simple-chatroom)** *Socket io chatroom*
    - **[Link shorter](https://github.com/mediv0/link-shorter)** *Link shorter website using mongo-express-nuxt*
    - **[ForumX](https://github.com/mediv0/forumX)** *Simple stackoverflow clone nuxt-mongo-express-googleAuth*
    - **[Foxhole artillery](https://github.com/XeniacDev/FoxholeArtillery-Windows)** *A simplistic artillery calculator for game foxhole*
    - **[Telegram channel scraper]()** ----- **private** ----- *get group/channel messages in telegram*
    - **[youtube-to-aparat-middleware](https://github.com/mediv0/youtube-to-aparat-middleware)** *forward youtube streams to Aparat's RTMP server (or any RTMP server)*
    - **[youtube-thumbnail-downloader](https://github.com/mediv0/telegram-thumbnail-bot/tree/master)** *a telegram bot for downloading youtube video thumbnail*
    - **[youtube-video-downloader](https://github.com/mediv0/youtube-downloader-telegram-bot/tree/master)** *a telegram bot for downloading youtube video*
  
 
- ### Boilerplates - Research
    - **[tehst - jest clone](https://github.com/mediv0/jest-clone)** *very simple testing framework inspired by jest*
    - **[Manticore](https://github.com/mediv0/Manticore)** -- *[Live demo](https://codesandbox.io/s/gallant-platform-5g873?file=/index.html)* -- *simple animation library Gsap.from clone*
    - **[Vod and live streaming service](https://github.com/mediv0/vod-live-stream-ffmpeg-example)** *Live/Vod streaming service using node js and hls*
    - **[Nuxt Darkmod example](https://github.com/mediv0/nuxt-color-module-example)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/nuxt-color-module-example/)* -- *nuxt color module with css variables*
    - **[Computer science algorithms](https://github.com/mediv0/computer-science-algorithms-list)** *Kruskal, merge sort, radix, prim, lcs, and more...*
    - **[Binary search visualization](https://github.com/mediv0/binary-search-visualization)** -- *[Live demo](https://mediv0.github.io/binary-search-visualization/)* -- *Binary search visualization*

- ### Contribution
    - **[Persian tools](https://github.com/persian-tools/persian-tools)**
    - **[Nuxt.org](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxtjs.org)** *translate to fa*
    - **[Vue my toasts](https://github.com/vuegems/vue-my-toasts)**
